README.md, before:

# stndp

> A command line tool for doing daily stand-ups.


## Install

__Dependencies:__

- [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq) - Used to parse the JSON responses.

```
$ curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kjbrum/stndp/master/stndp > ~/bin/stndp
$ chmod +x ~/bin/stndp
```


## Usage

```
stndp - v0.0.1

A command line tool for doing daily stand-ups.

Usage:
    stndp <command> <options>

Commands:
    add        Add a new record to the database
        users
        questions
        answers
    cleanup    Remove all config files
    help       Display this help text
    init       Initialize necessary config files
    list       List records from the database
        users
        questions
        answers
    start      Start the daily stand-up prompts
    status     List your teams responses for the current day
    latest     Download the latest version of stndp
    version    Display the current version
```


## Config

#### STNDP_API_KEY

Your Airtable API key. [Find it here](https://airtable.com/account)

#### STNDP_USERNAME

Your team username.


## To-Do

- ~~Add a `start` command~~
    - Ask the user if they want to re-answer the questions if the command is ran multiple times in the same day
- ~~Add a `status` command that lists all the teams answers for the day~~
    - Options:
        - `--username`
        - `--date`
- Add a `remove` command for deleting records
- Add a `slack-it` command to post the status' to a Slack channel


## License

Copyright © [Kyle Brumm](http://kylebrumm.com). Free to use on whatever and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the [license](LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

Handle using quotes in answers and add an order field to questions

README.md, after:

# stndp

> A command line tool for doing daily stand-ups.


## Install

__Dependencies:__

- [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq) - Used to parse the JSON responses.

```
$ curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kjbrum/stndp/master/stndp > ~/bin/stndp
$ chmod +x ~/bin/stndp
```


## Usage

```
stndp - v0.0.1

A command line tool for doing daily stand-ups.

Usage:
    stndp <command> <options>

Commands:
    add        Add a new record to the database
        users
        questions
        answers
    cleanup    Remove all config files
    help       Display this help text
    init       Initialize necessary config files
    list       List records from the database
        users
        questions
        answers
    start      Start the daily stand-up prompts
    status     List your teams responses for the current day
    latest     Download the latest version of stndp
    version    Display the current version
```


## Config

#### STNDP_API_KEY

Your Airtable API key. [Find it here](https://airtable.com/account)

#### STNDP_USERNAME

Your team username.


## To-Do

- ~~Add a `start` command~~
    - Ask the user if they want to re-answer the questions if the command is ran multiple times in the same day
- ~~Add a `status` command that lists all the teams answers for the day~~
    - Options:
        - `--username`
        - `--date`
- Add an `update` command for updating records
- Add a `remove` command for deleting records
- Add a `slack-it` command to post the status' to a Slack channel
- Figure out how to handle `'` in answers
- Add autocompletion for commands


## License

Copyright © [Kyle Brumm](http://kylebrumm.com). Free to use on whatever and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the [license](LICENSE.md).
